Cloud Atlas, based on David Mitchell's novel of the same name, tells the story of six people who encounter each other in different times and places.
In the first story, in 1849, a lawyer is drugged by a doctor, rescued by black slaves, and eventually he and his wife decide to join the abolitionist movement.
The second story takes place in 1936, when a young composer is disinherited by his father because he is gay. He went to work as a recorder for a famous old composer and almost had his work taken away from him. He shot the old composer in the argument. Holed up in a small hotel and devoted himself to finishing his work. He shot himself in the head.
The third story takes place in 1973, when a journalist struggles to find the truth. Finally, an oil oligarch's nefarious plan to hide safety risks at nuclear plants was exposed.
The fourth story happened in 2012, an old editor wrote a story about him leading the old people to escape from a violent nursing home, which was made into a movie.
The fifth story takes place in 2144, where the clones are enslaved. Cloning people is called "Sonmi".Humans trick them into taking them to "paradise" after 12 years of work. In fact, "paradise" is to end their lives and feed the living clones with the bodies of their dead companions.
In that world, there is still a group of scientists who want to protect the rights of clones.
With a rebellious spirit, Songmi-451 and a group of scientists jointly delivered a speech of resistance, and was eventually destroyed.
But we can see from the faces of the judges at the end that although the revolutionaries died, the spirit has infected the judges, proving that their revolution is half successful.
The sixth story takes place in the 106th winter after the fall of mankind. A native who lives on earth breaks the demons that bind him, leads the prophets to successfully send a distress signal, and finally migrates to other planets.
The same actors play six stories, and there are connections between the six stories.
The film is a complex, resonant symphony. The director builds an epic film out of six stories spanning hundreds of years with ingenious structure.
Cloud atlas is a piece of music about reincarnation.
Six stories mentioned six topics respectively: slavery, homophobia, oligarchy intimidation, violent crimes, clone slavery, and human weakness.
The protagonists of the story are the opposites of freedom and struggle.
Cloud Atlas is an epic of human resistance to oppression and liberation of humanity.
lization.But only those deprived of it have the barest inkling of what it really is.

《Fear，Belief，Love.Phenomema that determine the course of our lives.These forces begin we are born，and continue after we die.
Yesterday , my life was headed in one direction.
Today , it is headed in another.

We cross and re-cross our old tracks like figure skaters.
林志 2020211472 2020211309班 计算机学院（国家示范性软件学院)